---
{"topic":"DataScience","dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/Notes/DS for Business/","dgPassFrontmatter":true,"noteIcon":""}
---


# Metrics in business, Key Performance Indicator (KPI)
- User Churn Rate/Retention Rate
    - User Churn Rate = the percentage of customers or users who stop using a product or service over a given period.
    - Retention Rate = the percentage of customers or users who continue to use the product or service over time.
- Conversion rate
    - = the percentage of users or visitors who take a desired action or complete a specific goal, such as making a purchase, signing up for a newsletter, or filling out a form
- Customer Growth Rate
    - = the percentage increase in the number of customers over a specific period
- Customer lifetime value
    - = the total value a customer is expected to generate for a business over the entire duration of their relationship
- Revenue: Monthly recurring revenue
    - = predictable and recurring revenue generated by a business in a given month. It typically includes subscription fees or other regular payments made by customers.
- Profitability
## Types of metrics
- **Success Metrics** (goal metrics, true north metric)
{ #a0ff11}

	- to measure the success or health of a product
	- e.g.  daily/monthly active users, bookings/purchases, revenue
- **Guardrail metrics** 
    - measure core quantities that should not degrade in pursuit of a new product or feature
    - e.g. Rate: cancellation/unsubscription rate, latency, etc. Success metrics of other products
## Metrics frameworks
### General Funnel Metric Frameworks
=  a family of metrics that tracks the “user journey” through various parts of a product
Examples
- **AARRR growth metrics framework**
	- **Acquisition**: Getting customers to sign up for a website or product.
	- **Activation**: Getting customers to gain basic familiarity with the product.
	- **Retention**: Getting customers to come back to the product on a regular basis; a customer that exhibits no (or minimal) activity over some predetermined time period is known as _churned_.
	- **Referral**: Getting customers to share the product with others.
	- **Revenue**: Getting customers to adopt one or more paid features that generate revenue for the company.
- -**Conversion funnel**
    - Number of visitors to webpage;
    - Number of logged in users;
    - Number of users who purchase.
### Input-Output Metrics Frameworks
These frameworks revolve around two key concepts:
- **Input/driver metrics**: Metrics that track the activities/resources used to work towards an outcome;
- **Output metrics**: Metrics that demonstrate the outcome of an initiative.
# More industries
- Supply chain management 
	- things to consider: demand of a product, logistics and transportation involved, life expectancy of products; inventory space management

# Examples
- anomaly detection
	- detect fraud behavior (e.g. banking)
- pattern recognition
	- recognizing the purchasing pattern
- predictive modeling
	- predict user churn rate
	- predict market trends
- Classification and categorization
- recommendation engines and personalization systems
	- customer segmentation 
	- recommender system
- sentiment and behavioral analysis